NAME:
   uipath orchestrator folders-navigation - Hierarchical traversal through folders

USAGE:
   uipath orchestrator folders-navigation

DESCRIPTION:
   Allows users to manage and organize resources effectively, including robots, processes, queues, and assets.

COMMANDS:
   get-all-folders-for-current-user                Returns the folders the current user has access to.
                                                   The response will be a list of folders; the hierarchy can be reconstructed
                                                   using the ParentId properties. From the root to the folders the user has
                                                   actually been assigned to, the folders will be marked as non-selectable
                                                   and only the paths to the assigned-to folders will be included.
                                                   From the assigned-to folders down to the leaves, the nodes will be marked as
                                                   selectable and their children lists fully populated.
   get-all-roles-for-user                          Returns a page of the user-folder assignments for the input user, including the roles for each folder.
                                                   The response also includes the folders assigned to the directory groups of the user.
                                                   The distinction between the folders assigned directly to the user and the ones assigned to one of his groups
                                                   can be made via the User field of the response.
   get-folder-navigation-context-for-current-user  Returns a subset (paginated) of direct children for a given folder, which are accessible to the current user.
                                                   To ease a folder tree structure navigation design, the list of ancestors for the given folder is also returned.
   get-folders-for-current-user                    Returns a filtered subset (paginated) of the folders the current user has access to.