NAME:
   uipath orchestrator test-set-executions get - Returns a list of Test Set Executions cross-folder when no current folder is sent by header.
                                                 It will return Test Set Executions from folder where current user has TestSetExecutionsView.
                                                 If there is none, will return forbidden.

USAGE:
   uipath orchestrator test-set-executions get [command options] [arguments...]

DESCRIPTION:
   OAuth required scopes: OR.TestSetExecutions or OR.TestSetExecutions.Read.

   Required permissions: TestSetExecutions.View.

   Responses:
   200 Returns a list of Test Set Executions filtered with queryOptions
   403 If the caller doesn't have permissions to view Test Set Executions

OPTIONS:
   --folder-id integer (required)
      Folder/OrganizationUnit Id

   --at-least-one-permissions string,string,...
      If in a cross-folder scenario, these represent the additional permissions
                  required in the folders the data is retrieved from; at least one permission in this set must be met

   --count boolean
      Indicates whether the total count of items within a collection are returned in the result.

   --expand string
      Indicates the related entities to be represented inline. The maximum depth is 2.

   --filter string
      Restricts the set of items returned. The maximum number of expressions is 100.

   --mandatory-permissions string,string,...
      If in a cross-folder scenario, these represent the additional permissions
                  required in the folders the data is retrieved from; all permissions in this set must be met

   --orderby string
      Specifies the order in which items are returned. The maximum number of expressions is 5.

   --select string
      Limits the properties returned in the result.

   --skip integer
      Excludes the specified number of items of the queried collection from the result.

   --top integer
      Limits the number of items returned from a collection. The maximum value is 1000.